[Music]
[Applause]
as Israel presented its case before the
international court of justice saying
that it has not committed acts of
genocide the crowd standing outside the
international court of justice is not
convinced they accuse Israel of
committing acts of genocide they think
that what Israel has been doing uh is
not just amount to acts of genocide but
is an ongoing persecution of the
Palestinian people as a whole as Israel
presented its evidence people were
saying here that those Hol those babies
that you saw the incubators would not
have been needed if Israel provided them
uh with more uh electricity and the
evidence that Israel was providing the
international court of justice was being
debunked by the people here who believe
that there needs to be a ceasefire
Israel needs to uh stop its hostilities
in Gaza and all of the people who are
standing with Israel are complicit in
what is happening in Gaza
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from
aler